Add a section about Java preview features in user guide (#12487)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/jvm/building_java_projects.adoc

This plugin is the exception as it does not apply the Java Plugin.
====

[[sec:feature_preview]]
== Enabling Java preview features

> To enable Java [preview features](https://openjdk.java.net/jeps/12) for compilation, test execution and runtime, you can use the following DSL snippet:

Reviewer: :x: I would move the warning first.

```

> tasks.withType(JavaCompile) {

Reviewer: :x: You should use the Groovy/Kotlin snippet support here.

    options.compilerArgs += "--enable-preview"
}
tasks.withType(Test) {
    jvmArgs += "--enable-preview"
}
tasks.withType(JavaExec) {
    jvmArgs += "--enable-preview"
}
```

[WARNING]
====

> Using a Java preview feature makes the binary code incompatible with that compiled without a feature preview. Thus, is not advisable to publish any libraries compiled with a preview feature enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a Java preview feature is very likely to make your code incompatible with one compiled without a feature preview. As a consequence, we strongly recommend you not to publish libraries compiled with preview features and restrict the use of feature previews either to toy projects.
```

[WARNING]
====

> Using a Java preview feature is very likely to make your code incompatible with one compiled without a feature preview. As a consequence, we strongly recommend you not to publish libraries compiled with preview features and restrict the use of feature previews either to toy projects.

Reviewer: I made a mistake here, I said "either" because I initially wanted to add "or applications", but I'd leave the "either" out.

Author: Yup, fixed it.
